fonts/leland/README.md, before:

# Leland Music Font

Leland is an OpenType music font developed for MuseScore (https://www.musescore.org) music composition software.

Leland is compliant with [Standard Music Font Layout (SMuFL)](https://w3c.github.io/smufl/gitbook/), which provides a standard way of mapping the thousands of musical symbols required by conventional music notation into the Private Use Area in Unicode's Basic Multilingual Plane for a single (format-independent) font.

## Installation

Leland is included with MuseScore 3.6 and later, so no further installation is required to use it in MuseScore.

To use the font with other applications, install the .otf font files in your OS in the usual way.

To use the font in Dorico (1.0.20 and later), the `metadata.json` file needs to be copied to the following location:

__Windows__: `C:\Program Files\Common Files\SMuFL\Fonts\leland\leland.json`  
__Mac__: `/Library/Application Support/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`  
__Linux__: `/usr/share/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`

Commit message:

Actualized Leland notation font and Edwin.mss

fonts/leland/README.md, after:

# Leland Music Font

Leland is an OpenType music font developed for MuseScore (https://www.musescore.org) music composition software.

Leland is compliant with [Standard Music Font Layout (SMuFL)](https://w3c.github.io/smufl/gitbook/), which provides a standard way of mapping the thousands of musical symbols required by conventional music notation into the Private Use Area in Unicode's Basic Multilingual Plane for a single (format-independent) font.

The font is named after [Leland Smith](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leland_Smith), creator of the [SCORE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SCORE_(software)) music notation software.

## Installation

Leland is included with MuseScore 3.6 and later, so no further installation is required to use it in MuseScore.

To use the font with other applications, install the .otf font files in your OS in the usual way.

To use the font in Dorico (1.0.20 and later), the `metadata.json` file needs to be copied to the following location:

__Windows__: `C:\Program Files\Common Files\SMuFL\Fonts\leland\leland.json`  
__Mac__: `/Library/Application Support/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`  
__Linux__: `/usr/share/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`
